 What is Framework
An application framework is a set of common software functionalities
that provides a foundation structure for developing an application.

An application framework eases the effort of writing an application by
taking out the effort of writing all the program code from scratch.





      Common App Requirements:
Logging error, warning, and info messages happen in every app.
Most applications use transactions to process data changes. Transactions represent
an important mechanism that takes care of data consistency.
Most applications use protection mechanism against the same common
vulnerabilities.

Most applications use similar ways to communicate with each other.
Most applications use similar mechanism to improve their performance, like caching or data compression





      Business Logic:
Business logic code is what makes an application different from another
from the functionality point of view.


We refer to Spring as a framework, but actually, Spring is much more
complex.

Spring is an ecosystem of frameworks and not just one framework.

When developers refer to the Spring framework, they refer to a part of the
software capabilities that include : Spring Core, Spring Data Access, Spring  Model - View - Controller(MVC), Spring Testing




     Spring Ecosystem :
Spring ecosystem includes a big collection of other frameworks that
integrate well one with the other and form together a larger universe.

Here we have projects like Spring Data, Spring Security, Spring Cloud, Spring
Batch, Spring Boot, and so on.

When you develop an app, you can use more of these projects together.

These projects are being independently developed. They have a separate
team that works on extending its capabilities.




     Summary:
     A framework is a set of common functionalities that provides a foundation structure for
     developing an application. It helps you build an app more efficiently by providing
     functionality that you just have to assemble to your implementation instead of developing
     yourself.
     Spring framework opens a door to a large community. Having a large community using a
     specific piece of software makes it also more probable that others might face a similar
     problem with yours.
     Spring is not just a framework. Spring framework indicates the core functionalities. In
     general, Spring offers an entire ecosystem formed of many projects which we use in


**********   @Primary
A primary bean is the one that Spring will choose if it has multiple options, and you do not specify a name.
The primary bean is simply the default choice of spring





